Rename transport parameter initial_max_paths to initial_max_path_id (#376)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. The new transport parameter is
defined as follows:

- initial_max_path_id (current version uses 0x0f739bbc1b666d09): the
  initial_max_path_id transport parameter is included if the endpoint supports
  the multipath extension as defined in this document. This is

>   a variable-length integer specifying the initial maximum value of
>   available path identifier an endpoint is willing to support.
>   The value of the initial_max_path_id parameter MUST be at least 2.
>   An endpoint that receives a value less than 2 MUST close

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a variable-length integer specifying the maximum path identifier
  an endpoint is willing to maintain at connection initiation.
  E.g. if initial_max_path_id is set to 1, only connection IDs associated to Path IDs 0 and 1
  should be issued by the peer.
  The value of the initial_max_path_id parameter MUST be at least 1.
  An endpoint that receives a value less than 1 MUST close
```

>   the connection with an error of type TRANSPORT_PARAMETER_ERROR.

Reviewer: However, I'm not sure if we really need to close the connection if initial_max_path_id=0. I think this would simply mean that you don't allow for any additional path yet.

Author: If endpoints don't want to allow additional paths, endpoints could choose not to send the transport parameter. 
There's only one extra scenario: Endpoint doesn't want to allow any additional paths when handshake is finished, but keep the possibility to allow for new paths with MAX_PATH_ID frame when necessary. That could be a possible strategy.

Author: I record this issue in #381 . If people want to add this mechanism, we could add it in a separate PR.

If either of the endpoints does not advertise the initial_max_paths transport
If either of the endpoints does not advertise the initial_max_path_id transport
parameter, then the endpoints MUST NOT use any frame or
mechanism defined in this document.

When advertising the initial_max_paths transport parameter, the endpoint
When advertising the initial_max_path_id transport parameter, the endpoint
MUST use non-zero length Source and Destination Connection IDs.
If an initial_max_paths transport
If an initial_max_path_id transport
parameter is received and the carrying packet contains a zero-length
connection ID, the receiver MUST treat this as a connection error of type
MP_PROTOCOL_VIOLATION and close the connection.

The initial_max_paths parameter MUST NOT be remembered
The initial_max_path_id parameter MUST NOT be remembered
({{Section 7.4.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).
New paths can only be used after handshake completion.

This extension does not change the definition of any transport parameter
defined in {{Section 18.2. of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

The initial_max_paths transport parameter limits the initial maximum number of active paths

> that can be used during a connection.

Reviewer: Why is this removed? This is still true.

as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. The new transport parameter is
defined as follows:

- initial_max_path_id (current version uses 0x0f739bbc1b666d09): the
  initial_max_path_id transport parameter is included if the endpoint supports
  the multipath extension as defined in this document. This is
  a variable-length integer specifying the maximum path identifier
  an endpoint is willing to maintain at connection initiation.
  For example, if initial_max_path_id is set to 1, only connection IDs
  associated with Path IDs 0 and 1 should be issued by the peer.
  If an endpoint receives an initial_max_path_id transport parameter with value 0,

> the peer aims to  enable the multipath extension without allowing extra paths immediately.
> To allow for the use of more paths later,
> endpoints can send the MAX_PATH_ID frame to increase the maximum allowed path identifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the peer aims to  enable the multipath extension without allowing extra paths immediately.
  To allow for the use of more paths later,
  endpoints can send the MAX_PATH_ID frame to increase the maximum allowed path identifier.
```

as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. The new transport parameter is
defined as follows:

- initial_max_path_id (current version uses 0x0f739bbc1b666d09): the
  initial_max_path_id transport parameter is included if the endpoint supports
  the multipath extension as defined in this document. This is
  a variable-length integer specifying the maximum path identifier
  an endpoint is willing to maintain at connection initiation.
  For example, if initial_max_path_id is set to 1, only connection IDs
  associated with Path IDs 0 and 1 should be issued by the peer.
  If an endpoint receives an initial_max_path_id transport parameter with value 0,

>   it MUST NOT cause any error, and notice that the peer want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the peer want to
```

>   it MUST NOT cause any error, and notice that the peer want to
>   enable the multipath extension without allowing extra paths immediately
>   after the handshake is done. If initial_max_path_id is successfully negotiated
>   (including negotiated as 0), endpoints can use MAX_PATH_ID frame to increase
>   the maximum path identifier and enable the use of new paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the peer aims to  enable the multipath extension without allowing extra paths immediately.
To allow for the use of more paths later,
endpoints can send the MAX_PATH_ID frame to increase the maximum allowed path identifier.
```

Receipt of multipath-specific frames
that use a Path ID that is greater than the announced Maximum Paths value
in the MAX_PATHS frame or in the initial_max_path_id transport parameter,
if no MAX_PATHS frame was received yet,

> MUST be treated as a connection error of type MP_PROTOCOL_VIOLATION.

Reviewer 3: To be consistent, we should we also change the name of that frame to MAX_PATH_ID and call the variable the "Maximum Path ID".

Author: That's true. I updated the Frame Name and Type from MAX_PATHS to MAX_PATH_ID, please review.

Author: Note that we only need to change Frame Type and Frame Name in this PR, because Martin has already changed the definition of Frame field "Maximum Path ID" in PR #372.

the sequence number in the MP_RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID frame
also needs to be considered in the context of the Path Identifier field.

## MAX_PATH_ID frames {#max-paths-frame}

A MAX_PATH_ID frame (type=0x15228c0c) informs the peer of the maximum path identifier
it is permitted to use.

When there are not enough unused path identifiers, endpoints SHOULD
send MAX_PATH_ID frame to inform the peer that new path identifiers are available.

MAX_PATH_ID frames are formatted as shown in {{fig-max-paths-frame-format}}.

~~~
MAX_PATH_ID Frame {
  Type (i) = 0x15228c0c,

>   Maximum Paths (i),

Reviewer 4: This probably needs to be "Maximum Path ID" (and the same throughout)

the sequence number in the MP_RETIRE_CONNECTION_ID frame
also needs to be considered in the context of the Path Identifier field.

## MAX_PATH_ID frames {#max-paths-frame}

A MAX_PATH_ID frame (type=0x15228c0c) informs the peer of the maximum path identifier
it is permitted to use.

When there are not enough unused path identifiers, endpoints SHOULD
send MAX_PATH_ID frame to inform the peer that new path identifiers are available.

MAX_PATH_ID frames are formatted as shown in {{fig-max-paths-frame-format}}.

~~~
MAX_PATH_ID Frame {
  Type (i) = 0x15228c0c,
  Maximum Path Identifier (i),
}
~~~
{: #fig-max-paths-frame-format title="MAX_PATH_ID Frame Format"}

MAX_PATH_ID frames contain the following field:

Maximum Path Identifier:
: A count of the cumulative number of paths that can be opened

>   over the lifetime of the connection. This value MUST NOT exceed 2^32-1, as

Reviewer 4: This definition might be better stated as:

> The maximum path identifier that the sending endpoint is willing to accept.

Author: That's true. I've updated the definition of maximum path identifier field.

  Path IDs are defined with a maximum value 2^32-1 as the 32 bits of the Path ID are used
  to calculate the nonce (see {{multipath-aead}}).

>   The Maximum Paths value MUST NOT be lower than the value

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  The Maximum Path Identifier value MUST NOT be lower than the value
```

>   advertised in the initial_max_path_id transport parameter. Receipt

Reviewer 4: ... or what?  Is it a frame error to receive a MAX_PATH_ID with a value less than (or equal to...?) the transport parameter?

Value                                         | Parameter Name.   | Specification
----------------------------------------------|-------------------|-----------------
TBD (current version uses 0x0f739bbc1b666d07) | initial_max_path_id | {{nego}}

> {: #transport-parameters title="Addition to QUIC Transport Parameters Entries"}

Reviewer 3: I think we should change the parameter ID. The previous value meant "max path = 1 means path_id < 1"; we are changing that to "max path = 1 means path_id <= 1". That's an incompatible change, thus we need a new parameter ID value.

Author: It's true. I've changed the parameter ID from 0x0f739bbc1b666d07 to 0x0f739bbc1b666d09.
